---
layout: post
title: Prayer -- Tozer
date: 2020-06-09
comments: false
external-url:
categories: Books
---

*Prayer* is a collection of essays and sermons by A.W. Tozer compiled by W. L. Seaver. Words from Tozer occupy the main portion of most chapters with only light commentary by Seaver. Thus, I will be referring to Tozer as the principal author and mostly reflecting on his words.

The essays themselves are not connected by anything other than the topic of prayer. A person can appreciate this modular style if they are proceed in a "daily devotional" manner as I did, but I would not recommend this book to someone who wants a coherent overarching thesis often provided by a more traditional book. I took my time with *Prayer* and tried to incorporate as many of the book's gems into my prayer life as possible. I don't think incorporating them all is possible or advisable on one read through. I will definitely be using *Prayer* as a reference.

I enjoyed *Prayer* and don't have much criticism for it other than its lack of coherence--which is more a consequence of its compilation than of authorial prowess. There is so much to learn and I definitely didn't learn it all but at the very least, I have devoted time to thought about my prayer life and how to make prayer a greater part of my life.

The book concludes with a simple call to action during times of trouble:

> If you have trouble in your home, trouble in your business, real, trouble, go to God about it. Get down on your knees. Open your Bible and say, "God, I haven't thought about it, but I can trust Thee". Then look for the promises. God Almighty won't let you down.

Here are some stats on my reading:

- Start -- May 6, 2020
- Finish -- June 9, 2020
